

BTM Layout : whats the story?

The short form of Btm was not somethinhg that existed from it's discovery , 
its only over time with the localities around it that it got its name being
 in the mdiddle of pivotal localities lilke tavereke, byrasandra and jayanagar , hence the name Btm layout .
Although at one time like many other  areas btm used to be a village under the name Kuvempunagara .

But however because of it's priximity to the highly dense resdential area around it, 
it came to be colloquially/locally known as btm (byrasandra,taverekere,madiwala).
The early inhabitants of btm were old school bangaloreans and primarily consisted 
of local kannadigas and migrants from tamil nadu.but over the years with massive migration into 
banaglore ,btm layout is one that is  close to the borders of karnataka, as the ever busy hosur road  
is the heartline of transport to and fro karnataka and tamil nadu had a lot of them 
who inhabited this locality which was close to the broder town and with traffic back then at it's minimum, one could reach hosur 
from madiwala in just about 20 mins .However over the years btm layout  enjoyed a large portion of the
 loaclity saw an huge surge in the population from kerala . most of them were students of christ college , with the 
rise in kerala student population also saw the rise in working population aroudn the locality. 

The IT revolution in bangalore could be credited to comprehensive growth of bangalore and the same goes with Btm layout as well
which once housed many a emlpoyees of mico bosch has now grown into a massive neighbourhood that 
hosts people from all parts of the country. 

Post the year 2000 when the it boom hit bangalore , it propelled the development of bangalore not just as a
 city but as a destination. The influx of the IT crowd has contributed to new ventures starting around banaglore and the same 
goes with btm layout. plenty of restaurants of various cuisines and its proximity to koramangala which boast of many pubs , jp nagar filled with influential personalities
, jayanagarahs always been some sort of a cultural hub and taverekere which has influxed in its student population as well . these and amny other
and bannerghatta road have only increased  factors ahve only contributed to inflating the value of BTM layout.

Btm is also famous for the restaurant udupi garden, that has stood the time serving deletctable south indian breakfast and snacks . 
One can Tell From The name itself o

The Property value in btm stands at an average of 8469/- per sq foot.

today the locality stands amongst one of the favoured  residential localities of bangalore for immigrants .
